first books is the number one cloud
accounting software designed for the way
that you want to work for your free
30-day unrestricted trial go to
FreshBooks com forward slash line of CES
and enter - tech tips and the how did
you hear about us section
we're here at glowforge checking out
their glowforge it's a laser etcher and
cutter that is more set up and designed
for everyone to be able to use instead
of just engineers and the features that
bring it to that point start with their
easy web app where you can upload 3d
grayscale images and raster or vector
formats it can auto detect the material
that you put inside if you use there
proof grade materials if not you can
just tell it what material is inside it
can cut things or engrave things like
plastics and woods and it has lots of
really cool automatically based features
like the one we used here which was able
to cut our logo into a puzzle without us
doing any extra work and the quality of
life improvements just kind of keep on
going it has a camera built into it so
that you can actually see what the laser
engravers see so when you need to set
your object inside you don't have to do
it with a whole bunch of different
measurements and stuff you can just line
it up with a camera and you're good to
go it also is able to auto focus the
camera along a curve so if you're doing
something like engraving the top of a
Macbook it can see the edges and engrave
along the edges autofocusing the laser
so you don't have any mistakes on the
side and you don't have to do anything
way too fancy they use mirrors to
redirect the laser this can sometimes be
an issue because if the mirror is
misaligned
it can cause various problems we would
prefer that they use something like
fiber optics but they put the mirrors
into solid aluminum blocks and once a
bolt is in place those things aren't
moving so it should probably be fine the
delicate components in the head are also
completely sealed off which is great
because that means less maintenance for
you as it won't be able to get gummed up
but if you do need to access it you can
just simply remove it with a few magnets
there's three stepper motors to move
everything around you've got one on each
side to control the y-axis and then one
in the back to control the x-axis the
laser moves along with the head in terms
of the y-axis to keep everything aligned
thing that you might notice is that it's
not the biggest unit ever but that
doesn't completely limit you in terms of
y-axis printing you can actually print
things that go pretty far because it has
a pass-through slot so you can feed
things through the laser engraver while
it's going so it doesn't completely work
right now but theoretically what will
happen is you'll put part of it in it'll
laser engrave what it needs to it'll cut
what it needs to and then when it's
ready you can feed more of it in and
they'll just do the next part and so on
and so forth until you're done but said
pass-through slot does come at an
additional expense if you do want the
basic version that's four thousand
dollars it comes with a 40 watt laser
and that's about it no pass-through slot
no built-in venting if you do want to
vent it out you can send it out through
a window or you can just do it outside
or something like that or you can spend
a thousand dollars and buy that built-in
vent if you want to jump up to the pro
version that's eight thousand dollars it
has that $1,000 vent built-in it has the
pass-through slot and it has a 45 watt
laser so that can do faster cuts well
for the average consumer
definitely including myself this is
really expensive it is cool to see a
more consumer focused laser etcher slash
cutter now you don't just have to be an
engineer or have one at your school or
something like that you can do this at
home if you can afford it
speak your be able to afford things be
able to afford more things by using
fresh books and running your business
through it you can create invoices in
less than 30 seconds you can get paid up
to four days faster you can see when
your clients have seen your invoice so
if you're running a company that makes
really cool purses or draft signs with a
laser enter slash cutter you would be
able to get your invoices created really
quickly be able to see if your customers
cannot have actually seen your invoices
and you can go on from there if you want
a free 30 day unrestricted trial go to
FreshBooks comm forward slash line of
CES and enter Linus tech tips and how do
you hear about us section thank you guys
for watching if you like this video like
it if you just like this video dislike
it hit the down arrow or down thumb
that's I forgot we're on YouTube for a
second that's okay don't worry about her
floatplane yeah floatplane doesn't have
a dislike button get out
hit the like heart or the informative
thing or whatever else anyways you want
to see all the rest of our CES content
get subscribed for stay subscribe to do
whatever come back to YouTube go to our
channel that would also work see you
guys later